[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Wouldn't you
love to know your future?
Well, let's just take
it one step further.
Wouldn't you love to
write your future?
According to "New York Times"
bestselling-author and psychic
and Akashic record expert
Sandra Anne Taylor,
your future is actually being
written by you every day.
In her latest book,
"Accessing Spiritual
Patterns to Rewrite
Your Akashic Records,"
Sandra teaches how to
learn about the library
of all lifetimes, which
is the Akashic records,
plus how you can tap
into and rewrite them
for a better future.
I love this topic.
Thank you.
>>SANDRA ANNE TAYLOR:
Oh, thank you.
I love it too,
and I was inspired
to write about it because there
was so much to get from it--
past, present, and future, and
even talents and creativity.
So I just had to write the
book, "The Akashic Records."
>>LISA: Well, you've
written a lot of books.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, yes.
>>LISA: A lot of books.
>>TAYLOR: I just brought a
few from the Johnny years
of my time with Hay House.
>>LISA: That's wonderful.
So you're saying that our
future isn't predestined.
We're not following some path.
It's already been written
out for us, right?
>>TAYLOR: No.
The future exists in
energetic potential,
and that energetic potential is
based on the karmic influences
we bring into this life
and our present decisions,
our present thoughts,
our life force energy.
And that creates the future
in terms of what exists now
creates a future potential.
So once we get to know
the future potential--
and in my book, "The
Akashic Records,"
I have a session on viewing
the potential outcomes.
And if you don't like it,
you can change your energy.
And once you change your
energy, you change the outcome.
>>LISA: That's how you do it.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: That's how
you rewrite it.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: So this is also using--
we have a book, this "Quantum
Success."
You use this idea of
the quantum realities
to rearrange your future.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, I really
got into quantum physics
many years ago, and
I felt that it really
could explain the
human condition
and human experiences.
And then I realized when I
studied consciousness fields
that the Akashic or Akashic
records are literally
a huge consciousness field
of all the information.
You have your own
Akashic records.
I have mine.
But we have a shared record
of all humanity and, in fact,
of the world itself.
And the energy and the
information that exists there,
that's people find
scientific discovery.
People learn about what they
want to do as their purpose.
It's all in the records.
>>LISA: I always imagined
this giant library
in the sky with
miles-high Florida ceiling
records and these
librarians floating around
on these ladders.
>>TAYLOR: Spirit
librarians, yes.
>>LISA: Spirit
librarians-- that's
just my crazy imagination.
What--
>>TAYLOR: No, it's true.
But I don't see it so much
in the sky as in the heart.
>>LISA: In the heart.
>>TAYLOR: The heart to me
is the seed of the soul.
And so when I do meditations,
I drop the consciousness
into the heart.
And your hall of
records is there.
Your sacred temple is there.
Your purpose is there.
Everything and as
well as connecting
with the spirit that are in the
records and in your daily life,
they're all around you.
>>LISA: I've seen
many surveys saying
that the top thing that
people are looking for
is their purpose, to connect
to some type of purpose
to make sense of their life
or to motivate their life.
And does the Akashic
records help with that?
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely,
absolutely.
There's different
kinds of purposes.
First, there's your
personal purpose,
then there's your
spiritual purpose, then
your professional purpose.
And a lot of people are confused
about one or all of those.
But you bring in your
soul's intention,
and your soul's intention can
show you your eternal purpose.
And once you get that,
all three can align.
It's so wonderful when you're
personal, professional, and
soul intention aligns.
>>LISA: I think you
call that success.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, that's success.
>>LISA: That's
when it all aligns.
>>TAYLOR: That is
real success, yes.
>>LISA: Yeah, and you're
doing what you love,
and you're making money at
it, and it helps other people,
and I see that as success.
So let's just talk--
well, first of all,
I want to let you all know, stay
tuned to the end of the show
because Sandra's going to be
doing a wonderful meditation
to help you discover
your purpose
through the Akashic
record reading.
So stay with me to the end.
So the idea-- you started
off as a psychologist, right?
>>TAYLOR: Yes, yes, I did.
And I was teaching people
about their patterns,
their anxiety, their
depression, that type of thing,
and that's when I got into
studying quantum physics.
And I read everything that I
could possibly get my hands on.
And then I started
teaching it to my clients,
and they said,
well, where can we
get a book on how this
applies to human life?
And there wasn't
any at the time,
although since then
I found out that back
at the turn of the
century, not this past one,
but the 19th and 20th
century there was.
But I wrote my first
book because I really
wanted to tell people how their
life force energy moves out
into the world.
Some people think, oh, just
think about what you want.
Picture it.
It's going to happen.
But it really responds to
your whole life force energy.
You can visualize what
you want all you want.
But if you're constantly
criticizing yourself
or constantly engaging in
self-dishonoring choices,
then that actually
precedes those images.
>>LISA: It does.
Not only does it negate
it, but it precedes it.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
>>LISA: Have you
always known-- well,
when you were in your
psychology practice,
did you also get intuitive
hits, psychic hits?
>>TAYLOR: Yes, yes.
In fact, I remember many, many
of my clients freaked out.
Are you reading my mind?
You're telling me this and that.
And it wasn't that I felt
I was reading their mind,
just things would come to me.
But that is something that
went back to childhood.
>>LISA: Tell me about that.
Tell me about that.
>>TAYLOR: Well, I was born
a twin, an identical twin,
and we read each
other's thoughts
and finished each
other's sentences
and had many occasions where
we would be miles apart
and knew what was happening.
And we were actually
used to it, and it
was only we went to
high school or college
when we realized that the
whole rest of the world
didn't have that experience.
But I want to add a
little caveat here.
You don't have to be a
twin or special in any way
to really connect with spirit.
You already are special.
You are an eternal soul.
It's just that that kind of
brought a natural tendency out
in us.
>>LISA: Or to connect
with another--
I mean, you and your sister
were together since birth.
>>TAYLOR: Right.
>>LISA: But I've felt this with
other friends and other people
where were on--
>>TAYLOR: Oh yeah, it
happens all the time.
>>LISA: Yeah.
So it's definitely possible
you combined fields,
and your fields were combined.
>>TAYLOR: Right.
>>LISA: Tell me about--
>>TAYLOR: That's called
phase entanglement
in quantum physics.
>>LISA: Oh, I like it.
It's a real thing.
>>TAYLOR: It's a real thing.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: All this
stuff, people think
it's just new age mumbo jumbo.
But it is really
based in science.
>>LISA: So we're in
this phase entanglement
right now where we're combining
our energies to communicate
and present
informations that really
help people change and grow.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: So we're on the same
page and the same mission
right here.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, absolutely.
>>LISA: So that's
phase entanglement.
I love it.
So when you went
to high school, you
realized that it wasn't
like that for everyone else?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, but we had a
very loving and kind of weird
family.
So we picked up tarot cards.
Sharon started first, and I'd
pick them up a few years later.
And we'd go to family
reunions, and people would be
giving readings to each other.
So that's how we started
into the whole metaphysical
experience.
>>LISA: How fun.
>>TAYLOR: It was.
>>LISA: Like, kind of
feels like a gypsy family,
but probably not
traveling so much, right?
>>TAYLOR: No, no traveling, just
a big, loving, Italian family--
>>LISA: Oh, got it.
>>TAYLOR: --where you can't come
or go without getting a kiss
and a hug and--
>>LISA: Digging into your life.
>>TAYLOR: --and a pizza pie.
>>LISA: Yeah, that works.
So I understand that
you used to help
other people in
high school, then,
with their lives and situations
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, and
mostly in college
I did some readings for people.
And it was amazing to me
how the information came.
At the time, I was using
the Rider-Waite tarot deck
because there wasn't
anything else out there.
But I would foresee some things,
and they eventually came true.
And it was like, well,
there's some real substance
to this stuff.
>>LISA: What do you hear
when you hear messages?
>>TAYLOR: I don't hear
in my physical ears.
I hear it in my head.
People think that they're not
connecting with spirit if they
don't actually hear the words.
But you hear it in your head.
You see it in your head.
It's a process of
the imagination,
and that's why
people often think
that they're making it up.
>>LISA: Right, right.
>>TAYLOR: But it's not.
That's where their brain
forms the pictures.
And so what I hear
is just a word or two
or a phrase or guidance or--
>>LISA: But you've
been working with it
for so long, you just
automatically spit it out,
right?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
If I'm in the mode, if--
like, I'm in that energy now.
But as I go through my
daily life, I'll get hits.
Like, don't take
that road, there's
a traffic jam or
something like that.
But I don't get into
other people's energy
when I'm in my daily life
unless they asked me to.
>>LISA: Is it true that people
that are able to hear spirit
can either hear it
or see it or there's
different ways of receiving
it for different people?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
Clairvoyance is seeing.
Clairaudience is hearing.
Clairsentience is knowing.
And there are a couple
others, but I won't
get into all the details--
the five senses.
Usually you start with one,
and then as you do it more
and more-- at
first I just heard,
and then I started to see,
and then I started to smell
and even taste and
know, obviously--
clairsentience.
So it expands as you work
with it and as you trust it.
See, a lot of people get stuff
and then they don't trust it
and they think, oh,
I'm making it up
or I can't believe this, and
then the door kind of closes.
But if you really have fun with
it, get into it, and trust it,
it expands into all senses.
>>LISA: I would say
that's true for 99% of us
that the door closes and we
just think it's imagination
and we write it off.
>>TAYLOR: Right, right.
>>LISA: And everything else
after that is just weird.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, just weird.
>>LISA: Synchronistic, yeah,
but you really work with it.
I can just see
this picture of you
and your sister in high
school doing readings
for people on the lunch tables.
>>TAYLOR: No, we went
to a Catholic school.
So no, no, that didn't
happen in school.
>>LISA: So how did you
use this for your life
in terms of maybe getting
married or having children?
And how did that
work for your life?
>>TAYLOR: Well,
it's interesting.
When I was going through
my second divorce--
I've had lots of interesting
experiences in this life--
I said to myself, I'm going
to-- and this was already in--
I was already into
quantum physics.
So I said to
myself, I'm only 30.
I'm going to be dating people.
I want to date someone sane.
You know, that's the preference.
And so I thought, let's put some
intention out into the field.
So I created this attracting
love meditation for myself
where I just sent out my highest
energy into the energetic field
into time and space
where it would
connect with the ideal person
and then come back to me,
and then I would
meet that person
in the right time and place.
And it happened.
I swore I'd never
get married again,
but I met my third husband.
>>LISA: Wow, and that worked.
And then you had children.
>>TAYLOR: I adopted two
children from Russia.
And man, did I use spirit
and the records for that
because you have to
be very conscious.
People adopt and
they don't realize
they could be getting a
lot of difficult energy.
And so I wanted to really be
conscious about connecting
with the right souls.
And every night I
would talk to Raphael,
who's the angel of
family connection
and also of the heart
center, and say, connect me
with the right people.
And then I would get guidance.
Like, go to this meeting.
And there would be
the magazine, and that
had the agency I went to.
So I just kept
asking for direction,
and these fluky
things would happen.
>>LISA: Is this how we can
do it in our lives when--
>>TAYLOR: Everyone can
do this in their lives.
Everyone can use it for things
like attracting love, adopting,
finding, even picking the
right stock, finding a new job.
Whatever it is you want to
use it for, you can use it.
>>LISA: Is this how you
rewrite your future?
>>TAYLOR: You
rewrite your future
or you write your future
by directing your intention
into your future
records, and then
you make sure you support
it with your daily life.
In other words, I want
to write the intention
to find really supportive
love for myself
and a marriage or a
lifetime relationship.
But then if I don't
support myself,
then the present records
don't support that energy
expanding in the future.
So you really have
to be conscious of,
yes, you can write the future.
You can map out the future.
And in my book, "The
Akashic Records,"
there's a soul's map process.
You can map it all out,
but you must support it
in your daily life.
>>LISA: What is a
soul map process?
That sounds interesting.
>>TAYLOR: The soul map process
is very interesting because it
shows you--
if you have a couple
decisions, you
can ask to see your
soul's map, and you can--
I did this with my second
husband, who was a nice guy,
but it didn't turn out.
It didn't turn out.
We were still friends all
the way throughout our lives.
But what I did was I did--
so I pictured the map,
and you actually picture a GPS,
and it takes you on streets.
But you get words like "turn
back now" or "go ahead"
or-- and I got words
with my second husband
like "international travel,"
"expanding intellect,"
"achievement."
And I thought, whoa,
this is the right guy.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>TAYLOR: And I
married him, and he
was the one that turned
me on to quantum physics.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>TAYLOR: And so even though
we ended up getting divorced,
we stayed friends, but it
brought international travel,
great abundance to my life,
and achievement in many arenas.
>>LISA: Isn't that interesting?
>>TAYLOR: And so I have so
much gratitude for that.
And the soul's map took
me through that experience
even though it didn't end up
to be what I thought it meant.
>>LISA: But there was still a
certain contract that you had
with a certain agreement--
>>TAYLOR: Oh, absolutely.
>>LISA: --that you got
together to accomplish or to do
and then move on from.
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
>>LISA: No judgment.
>>TAYLOR: No judgment.
And that's why we were
able to stay friends.
And the fact is I had
this expansion in my life.
When I started writing
about quantum physics
and just having books
printed in so many languages
and going around the
world to teach it,
that expansion filled
the place where
there were little pieces
missing in that relationship.
So we were able to go
on our separate ways
in really good energy.
>>LISA: But he showed up for you
at that time for that reason.
>>TAYLOR: At the
exact right time.
>>LISA: Which is so amazing.
And we have judgement
around relationships
working out or not,
but that really
was an interesting contract.
Is that how it works with our--
I want to say with
our life, but you
can live your life at the effect
of it or you can affect it.
>>TAYLOR: That's right.
>>LISA: So if we're just living
our life and looking at things
happening to us constantly,
there's a certain victimization
that goes with that, thinking,
oh, I'm the victim of this,
I was born with
the wrong family,
I never was raised with
money and all these things,
and then you can actually go
into it more of an empowering
conversation--
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
>>LISA: --and
start to affect it.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, and this is
something that I'd really like
to focus on because
after "The Secret"
and some of the law
of attraction stuff--
there's many laws
of attraction--
whenever anything bad happened,
people blamed themselves.
And that is pointless,
that self-blame,
that victimization, I've
done something wrong,
I can't change it.
That just keeps you stuck.
So what we have to
do when we realize,
OK, I'm in a place where
I don't want to be,
where do I go from here?
How do I reclaim my power?
How do I understand
my next best step?
And that is almost
always funneled
through the understanding
of your spiritual identity.
I am eternal.
I am powerful.
I am valuable and deserving.
And when I come
from that place, I
can really figure
out my next best step
and let the rest go and just
figure out, all right, what
did I learn from that, and--
>>LISA: I was going
to say, what about--
>>TAYLOR: --take it
forward, take it forward.
>>LISA: I love this.
So you can really clearly
map it out to what you want.
But, Sandra, there's going
to be obstacles, right?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
They're-- yeah.
>>LISA: We don't
write them in there.
>>TAYLOR: No.
>>LISA: How do they--
>>TAYLOR: Sometimes
it's karmic, and that's
interesting to look at too.
I've done a lot of work with
past lives in the records
and the past lives
that are coded.
And if there's
something that's karmic,
sometimes and oftentimes
it just repeats itself
in our patterns--
behavioral, cognitive,
emotional patterns.
And so when we hit
an obstacle, we
can look at what is the lesson?
What pattern do I
need to change here?
Usually it's about
self-love, self-priority,
setting boundaries.
>>LISA: Or we hit the pattern
over and over and over again
and we think that, again,
it's been done to us.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: But in a way,
we're writing that?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah,
we're writing it.
We're not writing it.
We're riding it into the
momentum of the past,
and then we can change that.
It's very easy to change.
>>LISA: It's easy to change.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
>>LISA: Really?
You can find out your past
life, and you can actually
re-script it.
You can rewrite the
records of your past life.
Support it with
affirmations in this life.
Let's say you were--
>>LISA: Give us an example.
>>TAYLOR: Let's say you were--
OK, I'm getting this actually
happened-- burned as a witch.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
I've heard this before.
>>TAYLOR: You have
heard that before?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: OK.
So when you come into
this, you can rewrite it.
You can visualize
yourself, meditate,
visualize yourself walking
away from the tribunal
or the judgment
and say, I'm free
and I can practice my
spiritual arts and it's safe.
And then you support
it in your present life
even with affirmations.
It's safe and comfortable for me
to practice my spiritual arts,
even--
and for this, this
was a big one for you.
It's safe and comfortable
for me to go public
with my spiritual practice
and my spiritual beliefs.
And that just expands the
energy of your intention,
and then it shifts
that energy, and you
don't have to go through
that difficulty anymore.
>>LISA: Right.
But yet, I would be
showing up and being
criticized for what I do.
>>TAYLOR: Right.
>>LISA: And that's all
repeating a pattern.
>>TAYLOR: Right.
It does repeat, and sometimes
we have karmic connections,
and it's sometimes it's even
the same people from those lives
that still have the memory
of having some sort of power
over you.
So you have to shake it
off, maybe rewrite it
again, or at least
do some affirmations
and know I am
reclaiming my power.
This is not going to own me.
>>LISA: My producer, Gina,
has that same lifetime
of that witch burning.
I think she's heard that
several times before.
And so it's no doubt we
were there together, right?
>>TAYLOR: You absolutely were
going through that together.
>>LISA: You hear that, Gina?
Yeah, that's so true.
It's interesting.
So we take that information
and then rewrite it
so that we're safe in bringing
our spiritual mission, which
is bringing consciousness into
the mainstream, to the world
safely without being criticized
for it and judged for it
and being supported
for it and actually
having people support and
understand and really grow
from the mission.
>>TAYLOR: Right.
And then the more
you do it-- and I'm
sure you've noticed this.
As you've as you've
done it more and more,
you've gathered more
supportive people.
There's more energy
in your life in terms
of the amount of people
that are supporting you,
the amount of venues that
you have to express this.
And that will increase.
It doesn't mean-- clearing
the karma doesn't mean
you'll never have an incident.
But you just don't
have to be owned by it.
You don't have to
be crushed by it.
be fearful of it.
>>LISA: There's a collective
group of us, you know?
There's hundreds of thousands
of people in this consciousness
movement that want to
bring their card reading,
their practice,
their information
into the mainstream,
leaning, tipping it
over the 100-million mark, which
is the tipping point kind of.
So there's a lot of
us in this movement
of personal development,
spirituality, new age, whatever
you want to call it.
It's been going on
for a long time.
It's not just me.
It's obviously people
watching these shows.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, absolutely.
And a lot of us did share
that witchcraft thing
and did share, if not that, some
persecution for our beliefs.
And so we have come
together because we
have a shared intention,
a shared karmic intention
to expand this in the world
because it was shut down
for us in the past.
Our soul longs for this.
>>LISA: Oh, a shared tribe.
Hey, could you do
a reading for us?
>>TAYLOR: A reading?
Sure.
For you?
>>LISA: The collective tribe
of all of us and the whole
Inspirations family watching--
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
>>LISA: --to really help
us in bringing this mission
to the world--
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: --so that
really, truly can
help evolve our planet
and the humanity on it.
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
>>LISA: You think?
>>TAYLOR: You want
a card reading--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: --or a
psychic reading?
>>LISA: Which would you prefer?
>>TAYLOR: Oh, I don't care.
We can pull a few
cards, and then I'll--
usually I do psychic readings
when I do phone readings,
but sometimes I'll pull a
few cards and see what--
>>LISA: It's amazing you
can do this remotely.
You have that ability to just
listen to people's voice.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, I actually
just tune into the voice
and create the
intention ahead of time.
So we can tune
into everybody's--
>>LISA: Let's do it.
>>TAYLOR: --spiritual voice.
OK, do we grab the cards?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: This is gorgeous.
So this is the beautiful--
>>TAYLOR: That's the
Energy Oracle card deck.
>>LISA: Energy Oracle card
deck-- really beautiful.
OK, so I'll represent the
collective group of us,
the light workers,
the tribe of people
that really want to make
a difference in humanity
and by making a difference
in individual people's lives
with our planet, with our
world, with the humanity on it,
with conscious media.
>>TAYLOR: And even
the unconscious media.
>>LISA: Yes, yes, because
that's what light workers do.
>>TAYLOR: Right now, that's
a big, big group to handle.
>>LISA: Right.
Well, we're here to handle that.
>>TAYLOR: That's right.
We are.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Well, bring it on.
OK, so what is--
>>TAYLOR: So just
pick three cards or--
>>LISA: Me?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: OK, I will
pick the three
cards for our collective group.
This is third chakra.
>>TAYLOR: Oh, wonderful.
Pick them all and I'll
see what order they go in.
Oh my gosh, you're
picking angel cards.
>>LISA: Oh, good.
>>TAYLOR: Oh, OK.
So what Lisa has picked--
and I believe they're going
to be able to show this.
The first card is Chamuel,
the angel of the third chakra.
That's the chakra of life force.
And it's interesting
because a lot of life force
is kind of split now.
There's a polarity in the
world, not just in our country--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>TAYLOR: --but in the world.
And we can see that
from things happening
all over the world, a
difference in opinion.
And because of that, some people
are losing their enthusiasm.
Their third chakra is the life
force, our enthusiasm for like.
>>LISA: Becoming apathetic.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, yes.
And becoming almost
resigned-- like,
what can I do that can help?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: But we can
create a shared intention.
We can pray.
We can join.
And sometimes I do this on
my Hay House radio show.
I do prayer vortexes
where we share--
everyone all over the world
does a vortex of intention
for either their cause
or a joint cause.
>>LISA: Oh, very cool.
>>TAYLOR: So this is
telling us that-- but see,
Chamuel came up upright.
So we still have hope.
If the card comes reverse,
it's really, really bad.
But he's coming upright, as
all these cards are, and he
is saying that we can, just
even in our little communities,
our families, our
homes, our workplaces,
we can help to raise the
enthusiasm in the world.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: No, Chamuel
was followed by Metatron.
Metatron is what I call
one of the big guns.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: Metatron is
the angel of the crown
chakra and really the
source of where we connect,
we connect with
spirit, and where
all of the Akashic records
information comes in.
You open that door,
and it brings power.
It brings power to your hands.
And I'm feeling there
are a lot of healers
that need to trust the
power in their energy
or in the energy they channel.
And he's saying,
trust what you get.
Whether you're doing
intuitive readings,
doing healings, shamanism,
just broadcasting
information, whatever it
is, whether you're doing it
on a personal or a
global level, it's
important to know that
the angels and the records
are with you.
So trust that.
And then, interestingly enough,
we got the patience card.
And so we have to connect.
>>LISA: No, no more patience.
>>TAYLOR: I know.
People hate getting
the patience card.
But I had a client who
recently loved getting it
because it told him
not to leave his job,
and then he got a promotion.
So here's what it--
and always we might have
to wait a little longer
to get some of the imbalance
that is sucking the energy out
of the third chakra, get
some of that imbalance out.
But you see, the angel
is holding a clock.
And the clock is we can
do this around the clock.
As we fall asleep, we can
prayer for all the people
that have no one
to pray for them.
We can send light to
the people in charge
of all the governments.
We can do this around the clock.
And as we do that
with patience--
I'm getting goose bumps.
This is so powerful.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: If we all join our
intention together and do
this around the clock,
we will shift that.
And then, as I said
at the beginning,
the energetic
potential brings it
closer because a shift in our
energy and the group energy
brings it to us.
>>LISA: It really
requires practicing
what it is that we preach too.
>>TAYLOR: It does indeed.
>>LISA: It really does
require walking our talk.
All the incredible people that
watch this show and that have
all these great abilities--
>>TAYLOR: Oh, so many talents
and powers and yet there's
so much self-doubt.
And it's sometimes based in
how they were brought up.
Sometimes it's a past life
where they were discouraged.
But let's get out of that.
Let's call on these angels--
Metatron, Chamuel.
Michael comes in here, Raphael,
the angel of the heart center.
All these angels can help.
People dismiss
the angels as just
being some religious fantasy.
They are powerful entities.
>>LISA: What is the
angel of communication?
>>TAYLOR: Angels can
communicate in many ways.
Sometimes I will hear words.
Sometimes I'll just see a color.
And if I'm talking to someone
and I'll see a red color,
I'll know Michael is with them.
Michael is red in my eyes.
Some people think that
the colors are all
the same for different people.
You have to trust what you get.
And they come and tell
you, I'm supporting you.
And Michael is the angel of
strength, security, foundation.
>>LISA: And I think
there was one.
Was it Raphael or
was it Michael that
was the angel of communication?
So if we have a mercury
retrograde situation--
>>TAYLOR: Gabriel--
>>LISA: Gabriel.
>>TAYLOR: --is the angel
of the fifth chakra,
the angel of communication.
He's the one blowing his horn.
>>LISA: Oh yes.
>>TAYLOR: So yeah.
So he has mercury
retrogrades and anything
that you want to expand
any kind of communication.
You'll get ideas.
Keep a notebook by your
bed because in your dreams
and your meditations
you'll get ideas,
even if it's just one
word or one image,
and then they'll
give you expansion
of the knowledge, the wisdom.
In fact, you can write
a little intention
as you're falling asleep
that I sleep peacefully
and comfortably
through the night
and I receive
information in a way
that I can remember
and understand.
Write that at the
top of your page.
And it might take
a couple weeks,
but you're going to
start getting stuff,
and it's life shifting.
>>LISA: It does take
a little practice too.
>>TAYLOR: It does, it does, but
just be open and be patient.
>>LISA: Patience.
I've done that, too, and
I get so much information
throughout the night
that I don't sleep.
It's a double-edged sword there.
>>TAYLOR: That's
why it starts with I
sleep peacefully and comfortably
through the night and receive.
>>LISA: So much information.
Would you say more
than ever we've
had this just tons of
communication from our guides?
>>TAYLOR: Oh, more than ever.
>>LISA: They really-- why?
>>TAYLOR: Because there's a
joint intention in the universe
to heal what's going on and
to move on to the next level.
Our souls have come together.
As I said, we have
all been through lives
of either persecution
or ostracism
or even death because of our--
not all of us.
But those of us seeking, many
of us have been through that.
So we come together with
the shared intention
to bring this to a new level.
And that's why there's just
this power that is increasing.
And it's increasing
exponentially
because our intentions,
our intentions,
are actions in the universe.
So that's why people have to
understand what they intend.
But a lot of people
don't know they
have conflicting intentions.
An intention like I
want to expand this
and the universe is a
very powerful intention.
But if in your heart of
hearts you think, oh, but I'm
really not a good
healer and really I
can't trust my
intuition, the universe
serves the most highly
emotionally charged intention.
>>LISA: Ah, so it's a danger.
>>TAYLOR: So guess
what it's going to be.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
>>LISA: So if it's anger--
>>TAYLOR: Anger.
>>LISA: --it fills more of that.
>>TAYLOR: Fear, doubt,
those are the things that
are going to be perpetuated.
So we really have to
raise that consciousness.
>>LISA: Do you teach
people how to do readings
with card readings?
>>TAYLOR: I just did a
seminar for Hay House.
We did a certified online
card video seminar.
And my sister, Sharon Klingler,
and Colette Baron-Reid and Kyle
Gray and other
people were involved,
and it's a very lengthy
discussion on how to read
cards, how to develop
your five senses,
the science behind
card reading, and--
>>LISA: There's a
science behind it?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, it's
quantum physics.
>>LISA: Explain that.
>>TAYLOR: Oh my gosh, that was
a whole hour session I did.
>>LISA: OK, so if we're
going to do a reading,
tell me what the
science would be.
>>TAYLOR: The science is
that your intention goes
into the energy of the shuffle,
and there's a quantum point--
there's a point where your
connection with spirit--
they help to order the cards.
Your intention orders the cards.
And if you're doing a
reading for someone else,
it brings in future potential.
And there's all sorts of
stuff about deja vu and time
travel that we don't
have time to get into.
But believe it or not, you
can travel into the future,
and that will affect
the cards you pull.
>>LISA: So basically
when someone picks up
a deck of your
cards, they can start
to learn how to do these
readings on themselves, right?
>>TAYLOR: Oh,
absolutely, absolutely.
>>LISA: And it's by
setting the intention
and having the intention
go through the card deck.
>>TAYLOR: Yes, and asking
spirit to help order them
and the shuffle and--
>>LISA: And it comes with a
little book that help you talk
about--
>>TAYLOR: Yes, there's a guide
book in that and in the Akashic
Tarot, our other deck.
>>LISA: And so you can also
look in-- this is a great way
to discover your
own Akashic record.
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
And I have people that pull a
card each day, and on this deck
there's affirmations, and it
tells you what to focus on.
And on the Akashic
Tarot, there is
Akashic energy, an Akashic
force, like empowering yourself
and little technique
on how to do that.
So yes, people do it every day.
I get emails-- you wouldn't
believe how accurate this is.
I'm going through this, and
this is the card I pulled.
>>LISA: Well, it's
interesting because--
I like how you equate it
to the quantum physics.
You're really using the
intentionality of your field.
>>TAYLOR: Right, of your
field and the field of spirit
and the field of the
potential future.
>>LISA: So now, I
would draw my own card
and then you would tell
me right now what it says.
OK, if we were to
do a reading on me--
>>TAYLOR: OK.
>>LISA: OK, and then
I'll draw my card,
and then you can
tell me what it says.
But otherwise, if
people have these,
they can do their own
readings on themselves.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, they can start
by reading the guide book.
>>LISA: Well, this
one just fell.
>>TAYLOR: Usually when something
falls out, it's a message.
>>LISA: OK, what does that say?
>>TAYLOR: OK.
Oh, well, this is the
door to love and value.
>>LISA: That's my
theme this year.
>>TAYLOR: This is the
door to love and value.
So there is a new
beginning where
your expression or experience
of love is going to expand.
You're going on a
new path regarding
expressing or experiencing
love for yourself.
It could be in
your relationship.
It could be in your job
or bringing it to others.
>>LISA: My personal value--
every year I pick a
theme for my life,
and this theme this
year is to value myself
higher than I ever have before.
>>TAYLOR: And that's
self-love too.
So there you go.
>>LISA: Yes.
And it's I know
the way you show up
is the way others will see you.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
>>LISA: So the more
I value myself,
the more others will see me and
recognize me for that value.
>>TAYLOR: That is a key
quantum physical element.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: The how
you see and treat
and talk to yourself
is reflected
in the rest of the world.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: It's not punitive.
>>LISA: It's so true.
>>TAYLOR: It's just energetic.
>>LISA: It is so true.
Interestingly,
though, the universe
will throw obstacles in
your way to test that.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: Well, we're
not going to value you,
so we're going to do this or
we're going to do that or--
what is that?
Will you explain that?
>>TAYLOR: That is actually
just residual karmic stuff,
and it's not so much the
universe is testing you.
>>LISA: Testing-- it's not?
>>TAYLOR: It's am I really
going to finish this?
This is just popping up.
It's like weeds in a garden.
And so the weed
was planted before,
and am I really going to make
my love and value more important
and really attack this weed?
And--
>>LISA: What do I do, just
throw it out, pull it up,
throw it out?
>>TAYLOR: Throw it out.
You can visualize yourself
getting rid of it,
pushing it off the road, and--
>>LISA: OK, burning it.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, burning it.
I often give it to--
I often visualize an
angel circle around me,
and if I'm having something,
an issue that keeps popping up
that bothers me, I
just kind of take it--
whether it's in my
gut, my heart, my head,
I just kind of pull it all
up and hand it to the circle,
and I just let myself see them
take it to the energetic realm
where they will dissolve
it and work on it and--
>>LISA: Perfect.
>>TAYLOR: I don't have
to worry about it.
>>LISA: Beautiful.
OK, so once again, I'm going
to set my intention here of--
my intention is my next step.
And I ask the
guides and my angels
to help me communicate
to me the next step.
Is that OK?
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: I did it right?
OK, and then wherever
my hand guides me?
>>TAYLOR: Yep.
OK, so this is the
man with the heart.
So there is-- is there a step
that involves your husband?
>>LISA: It could--
a man with a heart.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
Usually it's the presence in the
physical world of a loving man.
It could be someone--
>>LISA: Who helps?
>>TAYLOR: --you haven't met yet.
It doesn't have to
be romantic love.
It can be supported as well.
>>LISA: Yes.
No, my husband really
helps me in my business.
He's been very supportive.
>>TAYLOR: OK, then
there's something
that you are going to
be working on together
that is going to help
to reveal or support.
And I'm seeing--
when I visualize it,
I'm seeing you building
a foundation together--
>>LISA: Oh, that's
wonderful, yes.
>>TAYLOR: --like, laying a
foundation for a new building.
And so he's going to
be helping with that.
>>LISA: We're
revamping a business
that we're doing together.
>>TAYLOR: There it is.
>>LISA: And it's challenging.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, but it's
getting the foundation right.
They showed me clearly that once
you get the foundation right,
it'll be easy to--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: And I'm seeing
later, adding other levels.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
It was a great idea, and now it
needs a whole new foundation.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: Very good.
OK, here's the other
one that's coming up.
>>TAYLOR: OK, so--
>>LISA: Lots of hearts--
>>TAYLOR: You have
a lot of hearts.
>>LISA: --on these readings.
>>TAYLOR: This is a
woman with the heart.
>>LISA: OK.
>>TAYLOR: You're
pulling a lot of people.
And this is what you
were talking about,
about gathering
people to support you.
There's a woman with
the heart, which means--
again, it doesn't
have to be romantic.
It can be supportive--
a tender-hearted person
who has a heart resonance
with your heart.
Now, as I ask about this,
there are a few people
like this in your life already.
But there's another one
coming down the road
that you haven't met yet.
OK, so keep in mind we
got this, that someone
is going to resonate
with your heart,
and she's going to be
supportive in some way.
It might be about
a family issue,
it might be relating to
something going on at home,
or it might be about
a business issue.
But there is
somebody yet that is
going to come in and be
supportive for something.
>>LISA: Wow, that's fantastic.
Well, that's actually a big deal
for me is looking for support
and accepting support.
And it is for many people is
really to accept support--
>>TAYLOR: It is.
>>LISA: --especially as
a strong female and you
have been kind of
conditioned that you
have to do it all on
your own because you
have these ideas of
perfection that can only
be accomplished by you.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: I know,
it's my whole story.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, and
it's very important.
A lot of people feel that
they have to be the ones,
and a lot of women
are caretakers,
and so they put themselves
on the back burner
and put everything else first.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: And then
they don't know
how to achieve their goals.
They have these goals.
They want to do this.
They want to be a
reader, a healer,
whatever, and yet they've been
putting everyone else first.
You have to do two--
when you have a goal,
you have to do two
things, very important--
self-prioritize, self-care,
radical self-care,
self-prioritize.
And also, look at your intention
behind what you want to do.
Let go of any
desperation about it
because your
desperation can cause
you to stay in old patterns
of putting someone else first.
If I'm desperate to become
a millionaire seller
in my company, that
desperation triggers the law
of paradoxical intent, which
says the more desperate
you are to achieve something,
the more that desperation
pushes it away.
So a lot of people
don't know about that.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>TAYLOR: So in their
head they get desperate,
and on the other side--
>>LISA: In survival
about it, right?
>>TAYLOR: Yes, and on the
other side of the coin
they're also caretakers.
So those are the two big
blocks that I see to people
achieving their goals.
So whichever one
you have, or both,
make sure you edit that and make
some honoring choices and just
trust in your process
and be happy now.
Your happiness now
will attract the event
that you think will
make you happy later.
>>LISA: That paradoxical--
so we want something,
but yet we push it away.
We want something, and we push
it away with our resistance
or survival or
whatever it is you're--
>>TAYLOR: Whatever it is--
desperation or even fear.
>>LISA: Desperation and fear.
This is very common, I believe.
>>TAYLOR: Very
common, very common.
It's one of the big obstacles.
Like I said, the two big are
self-denial and desperation.
>>LISA: OK.
Well, in just a
minute, Sandra's going
to do a wonderful
visualization that's
going to take us into
our Akashic record.
So stay tuned for that.
So first I want to ask
you, with the cards
and the decks that you do,
which is your favorite?
What is the one you would
recommend us starting with?
>>TAYLOR: Well, I
like the Energy Oracle
cards are a good start.
But the Akashic Tarot,
which I thought we had here,
is very much like the tarot.
So if you're familiar
with the-- a lot of people
who've been readers are
familiar with the Rider-Waite.
That really hits-- it
opens up karmic stuff and--
>>LISA: Is that
one the original?
>>TAYLOR: So it's what
you're looking for.
>>LISA: The Rider-Waite?
>>TAYLOR: The Rider-Waite
goes back 200, 300 years.
And so a lot of people
like me, who are 100 old--
>>LISA: Yes, yes, pretty much.
>>TAYLOR: --used to
work with just that.
So the deck that I did with my
sister, Sharon Anne Klingler,
is called the Akashic Tarot.
And that has a lot more
specific guidance relating
to karmic stuff and
the Akashic records
and how to open those records.
This is more about energy,
the energy in your life
and how to shift
your energy and what
the future may bring
because of that energy--
so whatever calls to you.
When I pick a deck, I put
it to my heart center.
>>LISA: Ah, so that's
the way you choose it.
Have you had people
completely and significantly
changed their lives
from picking a card?
>>TAYLOR: Oh, absolutely.
>>LISA: Really?
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely,
many, many, many people.
Yeah.
>>LISA: Anything that
you can bring to mind?
>>TAYLOR: Well, I mentioned
the one about the patience.
There was-- and this
was relatively recent.
He was passed over and
passed over and passed over
for promotion, and he
wrote a resignation letter,
and he was going to
turn it on a Monday.
He was one of the people
that pulled a card every day.
He pulled the patience card, and
he was like, eh, but he waited.
And the following
Friday, his boss retired,
and he didn't know
that was happening.
And two weeks later--
he kept staying-- they asked him
to take his boss's position--
so very big promotion and money.
And I've had other people that--
card reading can really--
if you understand the guidance.
It's not just predictive.
There's guidance to it in
both decks, the Akashic Tarot
and the energy Oracle
Cards, guidance that says,
OK, if you're noticing
this about yourself,
you can change that.
And then, boom, here's the
card that comes up next,
and that's a great success.
>>LISA: So you have all sorts
of people that come to you.
You have businessmen
and all sorts of people.
And you can do this
over the phone,
so you can really intuit.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, I do 99% of
my business over the phone all
over the world, for all over.
Yeah, and I get in
touch with people
through a heart-to-heart
connection
and I listen to the
resonance of their voice.
So yeah.
>>LISA: And how do you connect
with them all over the world?
I mean, is it different
for different countries?
Is really, truly the mission--
>>TAYLOR: It's all the same.
>>LISA: --of people the same?
>>TAYLOR: They just call and--
we set it up, and
they call, and then
I just get into their energy.
But between each client, I
have to do a clearing process
because I don't want to bring
energy from the previous client
into the next.
>>LISA: But what
I'm asking is, is
the mission and the
purpose of people
really, truly, across
the globe the same?
Is it that we all really
want the same things?
>>TAYLOR: People want some
prediction about love and money
and health.
>>LISA: Some security.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
But I have to say,
most of the people
I work with want a
deeper understanding.
And I ask for that because
once you get, oh, this is--
I'll get a past life, and,
oh, it makes so much sense,
then I can rewrite this, and
then change this pattern.
People are looking for a
deeper understanding that
does take them to the results
that they want, but it's not
just--
some people, some readers I
know, say, oh, they just call,
and when am I going
to meet the guy?
>>LISA: You gotta do the action.
You've got to do the action.
>>TAYLOR: You've
gotta do the action.
But most people, even
if that's a question,
they want to
understand the energy
behind it, which is great.
>>LISA: Yeah.
I've always said that the bridge
between hope and possibility
is action.
Hope is just dreaming
about a possibility.
Is it really coming in?
But you've got to do the
action to get you there,
and this is part of the action--
>>TAYLOR: Yes, it can be.
>>LISA: --which is really cool.
>>TAYLOR: Absolutely.
Action is an energetic
momentum that tells
the universe you're serious.
>>LISA: Hmm.
It's like writing the order
where you actually-- it doesn't
have to be the right action.
And that's the other
thing I wanted to ask
you is about perfectionism.
We do set these goals and
these ideas where we really
are locked onto,
especially those
with creative
imaginations, of what it
is that we want
to create, what we
want it to look like, the
feeling we want to get from it.
Like you said, you
can go into the future
and you could pull
that image back.
Well, what if it shatters?
What if it isn't that?
>>TAYLOR: If it isn't
that, then you change.
>>LISA: That perfectionism.
>>TAYLOR: Like, one of
the people that I taught,
I taught how to go
into the future,
she was working on
a job promotion,
and she was a lawyer.
And she asked, am I going
to get this promotion?
And the vision she
saw was that she
was in a conference room
sitting across the table
with her husband
talking about divorce.
And he was saying, ever since
you've got this promotion,
you haven't been around.
You aren't with the kids.
You aren't with me.
And so she got the answer.
She got the promotion.
But then she came back from
that and said, what do I really
want here?
Is that more money
and more prestige
worth losing my family?
And so she shifted her
energy, and she became satis--
she made plenty of money.
She became satisfied and really
started focusing on the value
her family brought to her life,
and it was such a blessing
to see how it was going
to go if she had actually
gotten what she wanted.
>>LISA: If we have
to choose that--
this is a whole other show
topic here on women choosing
between family and
work, but I really
think that there's got
to be a way to do both.
>>TAYLOR: There is
a way to do both.
She stayed in her job.
She actually went to
her boss and said,
is there less travel if
I take the promotion?
And the boss said, no.
And the boss actually
said, you can
keep the hours you're working
now, and she was doing fine.
>>LISA: That's great.
Wow, she found all of that--
>>TAYLOR: And so she was very--
yeah.
>>LISA: --through card
reading, which is really great.
OK, so we're going
to do this, and we're
going to have you guide us.
>>TAYLOR: OK.
>>LISA: What are we
going to do here?
We're going to--
>>TAYLOR: Well, we can go
into our hall of records
and look for some
guidance or purpose.
>>LISA: OK.
>>TAYLOR: We'll look at the
book of guidance and purpose.
And so I'm just going to
count down from three to one.
And at the count
of one, you'll be
able to either see
or sense or just know
you're at the hall of records.
>>LISA: Oh wonderful.
>>TAYLOR: And then we're
going to walk in and see
this beautiful, big
book on a table,
and we're going
to let it open up,
and we'll see some
either words or an image
floating over it to tell
you about your guidance
or your purpose.
>>LISA: So we're looking
for guidance and purpose.
This is the intention here.
>>TAYLOR: Yes.
Some people need to
know about purpose,
and some people just
want a word of guidance.
>>LISA: OK, so this is what
we get to do is we get to--
play along with us, really.
This is what you're here for.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: So play along
and really look at this
through the master that has been
teaching this for 30 years now,
yes?
>>TAYLOR: Yes, but look at
it through your own master.
Everyone's higher
self is the master
of what they're going to see.
And there might be spirit that
they see in the hall of records
as well.
>>LISA: OK.
>>TAYLOR: So-- OK, everyone
just take a deep breath
and close your eyes.
And take another deep breath
and just let your shoulders drop
and let your forehead relax
and relax all the muscles
in your body as I count
backwards from three to one.
And with each descending
number, you're
going to feel yourself
going deeper and deeper
into relaxation.
And at the count
of one, you will
be at your hall of records.
You'll either see or
sense or feel or just
know that you are at
your hall of records.
So just let yourself relax now
with each descending number.
Three.
Just let all of the
muscles in your legs relax.
Let all the tension drain
away, draining from your legs
all the way down out
your feet and toes.
Two.
Relaxing even further now, let
your shoulders and arms relax,
and you feel a warm wave
of relaxation moving down
from your head, through
your back and arms, all
the way to your feet and toes.
And one.
Just allow yourself to
remain calm and relaxed now
as you begin to sense or
see or feel the mists clear,
and you know that you are
at your hall of records,
your Akashic records,
the records about you
and your eternal life.
So let yourself just go into
this beautiful building now.
And as you do, you start
to notice many books
on shelves around you.
And you notice in the
center of the room
a beautiful, big
book on a table.
Just let yourself go
to that book and sense
or feel or see that
book before you.
This book is your book
of purpose and guidance.
And it can answer any question
you have about guidance
for your next best
step or guidance
about your purpose in the
world and in your own life.
Think now about what
kind of information
you would like to receive.
And as you do, you see
the book start to open,
and the pages are flipping.
Beautiful light
is coming from it.
And as you think
about your intention,
you see the book
settle on one page.
And this page offers
a message for you.
It may come in the form of
a word, a phrase, an image,
or just a feeling.
Just let yourself be open to
receiving that message now.
However this message
comes, even if it's just
a fleeting thought or a
sensation in your body,
you know you will receive more
and more information over time.
And in fact, you start to
see or sense or feel or know
the book to be opening
again, and the pages
are flipping with a beautiful
light all around them.
And this is going to
give you another message,
either relating to the first or
something entirely different,
maybe a message for
your personal life.
And as it settles
on that page now,
be open to receiving this
message in whatever form.
You may see an image over the
book or words or a sentence
or hear or sense or just know.
Let yourself receive
this message now.
Just let yourself be open
to whatever you receive.
And know that the records
are open to you now
and you can receive
guidance in any way
that you desire, in dreams,
even in a flash of a thought
as you're going
through your day.
Your records are
open to you, bringing
you guidance all of the time.
Embrace that knowledge
as I now count upwards
from one to three.
And at the count
of three, you'll
be back at this time and space,
back with a sense of having
received some guidance.
And no matter what you
did or did not receive,
you have made an
important connection here
with your own records,
opening the door
to receiving wonderful
wisdom and inspiration
throughout your life.
One.
Coming back slowly now.
In the days, weeks,
and months to come,
you will find yourself receiving
more record information.
Just let yourself be open
to the guidance it brings.
Two.
Coming back to this
time and space.
In the days, weeks,
and months to come,
you will feel your
intuition growing
and you will sense a knowledge
blossoming within you,
making you aware of
the beautiful options
and the strength that
you have to follow them.
And three.
Back to this time and
space now, knowing that
can connect with your
records and the spirit that
brings you information
any time that you desire.
So just stretch out
and open your arms.
>>LISA: Wonderful.
That was amazing.
What I love about that is
that you can watch that
over and over again.
>>TAYLOR: You can
do it any time.
It only takes a few moments.
>>LISA: And you can
get different things
the more you do it.
Different images will come
in, and different support
will come in.
I got this really
beautiful image of rain,
and it was rain coming down,
and there was an umbrella,
but there was a
lot of rain, and it
looked like lightning and rain.
>>TAYLOR: Well, to me,
the way I interpret
that is that it's
a cleansing rain.
There's something that is being
cleansed out of your life.
The umbrella is protecting you
from any emotional upheaval
from the cleansing.
And there's something that
is being kind of swept away,
and it may be about
a personal thing
or it may be about a work thing.
But as I go forward in
time on your timeline,
I see a beautiful
rainbow as a result.
>>LISA: Oh, that's wonderful.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah, it's
cleansing time for you.
>>LISA: Yes, that is very true.
>>TAYLOR: And someone
with you-- and I
just heard, and
someone with you.
>>LISA: OK, we got this.
We got this.
And now, when you
go through that,
you can also do a reading
afterwards on yourself?
Can you do--
>>TAYLOR: Oh, absolutely.
You can ask-- you
can pull a card.
Like, I would use the--
after doing this, I would
use the Akashic Tarot deck
because that is really
connected to the records.
So you can pull a card and
read the Akashic force and read
the message, and it oftentimes--
and people have told me this--
it can be about the very
thing that you received.
>>LISA: Oh, that's
valid very validating.
Can you do this also
for a loved one,
like for a child or a loved one?
>>TAYLOR: You can.
It's easier if the child is
old enough to understand.
And yet, I have a friend who,
with her daughter since she
was, like, eight years old,
pulled an Energy Oracle
card every day and just
said, what are we going
to see that happens today?
>>LISA: That's fantastic.
>>TAYLOR: So you
can start younger,
but as the child
gets older, they
can bring more
consciousness to it.
>>LISA: Beautiful, beautiful.
Well, I just have to ask you,
because I ask all my guests
this, what is the biggest why,
the biggest reason that you
do what you do, Sandra?
>>TAYLOR: My deepest
desire is to have
people see their
eternal definition,
feel their eternal definition.
As a psychologist in
a private practice,
I dealt with so many people
who were abused or neglected
or just dismissed and,
therefore, didn't define
themselves as anything but
unworthy, not good enough, not
deserving.
And it brings tears
to my eyes even now.
It breaks my heart to
sit across from someone
and see their soul and--
>>LISA: How bright they are.
>>TAYLOR: --not
have them see that.
And so what I long to
do is bring that wisdom
that your soul
pre-existed this and has
a divine legacy, a divine
worthiness and value and power.
And when you get
in touch with that,
you know that you are
enough, you have the courage,
you have the strength, and
you have the inspiration
to do all that you need to
do to create a happy life.
>>LISA: Such a bigger
picture conversation here--
more than card reading, which
is wonderful, but it really is--
what you do is designed
to help evolve people out
of their darkest
to their brightest.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah,
that's actually--
that's a good way to put it.
That's my intention.
>>LISA: That's wonderful.
>>TAYLOR: And we share that.
We share that light.
>>LISA: We do, we do, we do.
Thank you so much for being
here and sharing your wisdom
with us.
>>TAYLOR: Oh, thank you.
It was my pleasure--
really a lot of fun
and a very interesting,
very interesting experience.
>>LISA: We went on a journey.
>>TAYLOR: We've had
past life connections.
We'll have to talk about that.
>>LISA: Ah, that makes sense.
>>TAYLOR: Yeah.
>>LISA: Sisters.
>>LISA: I see it, I see it.
Well, it helps for
you to be here also
and to go on these
journeys with us
and to be part of our tribe
and part of our "Inspirations"
family.
So thank you so
much for being here.
And if you'd like to watch
more inspirational shows,
you can go to
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm right there for you.
Until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]